***2021-06-04***

Added the overlap computations.

Managed to compute the whole graph which previously was crashing during the DFS part. The crashing was most likely caused by "too deep" recursion calls put on the stack, which caused an Stack overflow error. This was fixed by implementing another iterative version of the DFS search, instead of the original recursive one.

The recursive function worked fine on the smaller split parts of the whole graph, but when ran on the part with 10m lines, it crashed.

Both the recursive function and the iterative one gave the same number of components so there should not be any problems with either one, rather it would be a problem with the overlap computations. 

I have reconsidered adding the vertex class for the project since I would now have to spend valuable time changing the code of the program to use the class rather than pure integers as vertexes. This would be a valuable change to add later, if the program is already working as it should, as it would "clean" up a lot of the code and make it more readable.

**Some interesting observations**

The recursive function seems to be running faster on the smaller parts. Which would make the recursive function better for graphing smaller parts of the whole graph.

HDD was getting dried out by reading all the lines in the large graph, putting the program (JAR file) and the large graph input file on the SSD with better computational efficiency would maybe? make the input part faster.

The CPU and RAM was also pretty much maxed out during the whole program runtime. This is not really something I can change, as it would mean upgrading them both. For professional use, and not academic, there would make much more sense to hire a "better" server with higher RAM and CPU threads/GHz to compute the graph. 

I have also looked into threading the program, but this is not really something I would need to do in academic use as it does run as expected, although takes some time and slows down the computer during the runtime. Threading could unload some threads and probably speed up the runtime.

**Results for the whole Graph (G)**

The whole graph had around 64m edges, each on it's own line.

	- Number of edges: 8078262 (8.08m), which would mean around 56m of the edges does not contain a sufficient overlap that follows the requirements.
	- Number of components: 956282 (0.96m)

**Things to add**

 - 2 more reports are needed for the assignment
   	- The node degree distributions of G
   	- Component size distribution of G
   	- 
